#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/macos-latest_py3.8.txt --resolver=backtracking
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   ddtrace
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
boltons==23.0.0
    # via mpcontribs-client
bravado==11.0.3
    # via mpcontribs-client
bravado-core==5.17.1
    # via bravado
bytecode==0.14.1
    # via ddtrace
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via ddtrace
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
ddsketch==2.0.4
    # via ddtrace
ddtrace==1.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via opentelemetry-api
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   pyisemail
    #   pymongo
emmet-core==0.50.0
    # via mp-api
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
envier==0.4.0
    # via ddtrace
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via cattrs
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
filetype==1.2.0
    # via mpcontribs-client
flatten-dict==0.4.2
    # via mpcontribs-client
fonttools==4.39.3
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
future==0.18.3
    # via uncertainties
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.0.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   opentelemetry-api
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   matplotlib
ipykernel==6.22.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.12.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   mpcontribs-client
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json2html==1.3.0
    # via mpcontribs-client
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via bravado-core
jsonschema[format,format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   bravado-core
    #   ddtrace
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
    #   swagger-spec-validator
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-kernel-gateway
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-kernel-gateway
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-kernel-gateway==2.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
latexcodec==2.0.1
    # via pybtex
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via pymatgen
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
monotonic==1.6
    # via bravado
monty==2023.4.10
    # via
    #   emmet-core
    #   mp-api
    #   pymatgen
mp-api==0.32.1
    # via pymatgen
mpcontribs-client==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via
    #   bravado
    #   bravado-core
    #   mp-api
nbclassic==0.5.6
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.3.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via pymatgen
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyter-kernel-gateway
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pymatgen
    #   scipy
    #   spglib
opentelemetry-api==1.17.0
    # via ddtrace
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ddtrace
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
palettable==3.3.3
    # via pymatgen
pandas==2.0.1
    # via
    #   mpcontribs-client
    #   pymatgen
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via matplotlib
pint==0.19.2
    # via mpcontribs-client
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.5.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.14.1
    # via
    #   mpcontribs-client
    #   pymatgen
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.22.3
    # via
    #   ddsketch
    #   ddtrace
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   emmet-core
    #   pymatgen
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.7
    # via emmet-core
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyisemail==2.0.1
    # via mpcontribs-client
pymatgen==2023.3.23
    # via
    #   emmet-core
    #   mp-api
    #   mpcontribs-client
pymongo==4.3.3
    # via mpcontribs-client
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   bravado
    #   bravado-core
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   bravado-core
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   bravado
    #   bravado-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pybtex
    #   swagger-spec-validator
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.29.0
    # via
    #   bravado
    #   bravado-core
    #   jupyter-kernel-gateway
    #   mp-api
    #   pymatgen
    #   requests-futures
requests-futures==1.0.0
    # via mpcontribs-client
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via jsonschema
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via pymatgen
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
scipy==1.10.1
    # via pymatgen
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via mpcontribs-client
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
simplejson==3.19.1
    # via
    #   bravado
    #   bravado-core
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   bravado
    #   bravado-core
    #   ddsketch
    #   ddtrace
    #   flatten-dict
    #   latexcodec
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spglib==2.0.2
    # via
    #   emmet-core
    #   pymatgen
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
swagger-spec-validator==3.0.3
    # via
    #   bravado-core
    #   mpcontribs-client
sympy==1.11.1
    # via pymatgen
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via pymatgen
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via
    #   ddtrace
    #   plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-kernel-gateway
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   mpcontribs-client
    #   pymatgen
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-kernel-gateway
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   bravado
    #   bytecode
    #   ddtrace
    #   emmet-core
    #   ipython
    #   mp-api
    #   pydantic
    #   swagger-spec-validator
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
ujson==5.7.0
    # via mpcontribs-client
uncertainties==3.1.7
    # via pymatgen
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via ddtrace
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
